docs/DeveloperResources/Wallets.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Supported Wallets for Bitlayer

## EVM-Compatible Wallets
For interacting with Ethereum and other EVM networks, Bitlayer supports wallets such as:

- [OKX Wallet](https://www.okx.com/web3) - A versatile wallet for secure transactions.
- [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) - A browser extension with integrated dApp support.

*EVM-compatible wallets allow you to execute smart contracts and interact with decentralized applications across various EVM networks.*

## Bitcoin-Exclusive Wallets
For Bitcoin transactions, Bitlayer is compatible with wallets designed specifically for Bitcoin, including:

- [Unisat](https://chat.openai.com/c/f352b17c-69a1-457f-be41-a98fd00a8dfc#) - A secure wallet for Bitcoin enthusiasts.
- [Xverse](https://chat.openai.com/c/f352b17c-69a1-457f-be41-a98fd00a8dfc#) - A wallet focused on privacy and security for Bitcoin users.

*Bitcoin-only wallets provide optimized features for handling Bitcoin transactions and secure storage.*

## Networks Supported

- EVM Networks (e.g., Ethereum Mainnet, Binance Smart Chain)
- Bitcoin Testnet (for testing and development purposes)
- Bitcoin Mainnet (for real Bitcoin transactions)

*Choosing the right network is essential for your transactions. The Testnet is ideal for practice and development, while the Mainnet is used for actual transactions.*

Commit message:

Fix: #4 #AR-7927 Bitlayer docs update for Arcana wallet and Arcana Auth SDK

docs/DeveloperResources/Wallets.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Supported Wallets for Bitlayer

## EVM-Compatible Wallets
For interacting with Ethereum and other EVM networks, Bitlayer supports wallets such as:

- [OKX Wallet](https://www.okx.com/web3) - A versatile wallet for secure transactions.
- [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) - A browser extension with integrated dApp support.

*EVM-compatible wallets allow you to execute smart contracts and interact with decentralized applications across various EVM networks.*

## Bitcoin-Exclusive Wallets
For Bitcoin transactions, Bitlayer is compatible with wallets designed specifically for Bitcoin, including:

- [Unisat](https://chat.openai.com/c/f352b17c-69a1-457f-be41-a98fd00a8dfc#) - A secure wallet for Bitcoin enthusiasts.
- [Xverse](https://chat.openai.com/c/f352b17c-69a1-457f-be41-a98fd00a8dfc#) - A wallet focused on privacy and security for Bitcoin users.

*Bitcoin-only wallets provide optimized features for handling Bitcoin transactions and secure storage.*

## In-app Wallets
In-app wallets activate when users log into an app, functioning as embedded wallets without the need for a browser extension. Bitlayer supports the following in-app wallets:

- [Arcana Wallet](https://docs.arcana.network/concepts/anwallet/) - A non-custodial, in-app wallet that is accessible to authenticated users through the apps integrated with the [Arcana Auth SDK](https://docs.arcana.network/auth/). Once activated, the wallet interface includes preset EVM and non-EVM chains, enabling instant blockchain transaction signing. Explore the [supported chains](https://docs.arcana.network/web3-stack/chains/) and [quick start guides](https://docs.arcana.network/quick-start/) for further details.

## Networks Supported

- EVM Networks (e.g., Ethereum Mainnet, Binance Smart Chain)
- Bitcoin Testnet (for testing and development purposes)
- Bitcoin Mainnet (for real Bitcoin transactions)

*Choosing the right network is essential for your transactions. The Testnet is ideal for practice and development, while the Mainnet is used for actual transactions.*
