docs/Overview/Introduction.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Welcome
##   

![alt text](FA_Bitlayer-Logo-horizontal.png)

### Start your bitcoin journey from Bitlayer Technical Documentation!

Bitlayer is the first Bitcoin Layer 2 offering Bitcoin-equivalent security and Turing completeness, and the first Bitcoin Layer 2 based on BitVM. 
Bitlayer is dedicated to bringing secure scalability to the Bitcoin ecosystem, promoting asset diversity, and fostering innovation, ultimately offering users a faster, safer, and more flexible experience.

### What Sets Bitlayer Apart?

At Bitlayer, our primary focus is to address the scalability challenges of the Bitcoin network.

While Bitcoin remains the leading blockchain for value transfer, it faces limitations in terms of scalability and transaction costs. Bitlayer tackles these issues head-on by leveraging cutting-edge cryptographic protocols and virtual machine technology. Our Layer 2 solution, known as BitVM, acts as a complete Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) implementation, providing seamless compatibility with the Ethereum ecosystem. This means that developers can easily migrate their existing smart contracts written in Solidity, Vyper, or any other language that compiles to EVM bytecode directly to Bitlayer, using familiar tools such as Ethereum JSON-RPC and Hardhat.

The ingenious integration of Bitcoin smart contracts and Ethereum compatibility sets Bitlayer apart, verifying the integrity of Bitlayer's transactions and ensuring a high level of security, decentralization, and resistance to censorship. These achievements are made possible through recent advancements in cryptography, blockchain protocol design, and hardware optimization.

For detailed insights into our technical architecture, please refer to the [Bitlayer Technical Architecture section](/docs/AboutBitlayer/technicalarchitecture).

### Can I Start Using Bitlayer Today?
While the Bitlayer mainnet for Bitcoin is scheduled to launch in early April, we are excited to offer a testnet environment where you can experiment with Bitlayer's capabilities. Please refer to our [testnet user guide](/docs/Build/TestnetUserGuide) to get started with our test network and explore the infinite possibilities of Bitcoin.

### What Lies Ahead for Bitlayer?
While we are preparing for the launch of the Bitlayer mainnet for Bitcoin in early April, our journey to further decentralization is far from over. We are committed to decentralizing each component of the stack, ensuring a resilient and robust network. Stay updated on our progress by following our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/BitLayerLabs) or joining our active [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/GGSjNyD8nj) / [Telegram](https://t.me/bitlayerofficial) community. You can also connect with us on [Medium](https://medium.com/@Bitlayer) to stay abreast of the latest Bitlayer developments.

Commit message:

Fixed alt text in Introduction

docs/Overview/Introduction.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Welcome
##   

![the first bitcoin security-equivalent layer 2 based on bitvm](FA_Bitlayer-Logo-horizontal.png)

### Start your bitcoin journey from Bitlayer Technical Documentation!

Bitlayer is the first Bitcoin Layer 2 offering Bitcoin-equivalent security and Turing completeness, and the first Bitcoin Layer 2 based on BitVM. 
Bitlayer is dedicated to bringing secure scalability to the Bitcoin ecosystem, promoting asset diversity, and fostering innovation, ultimately offering users a faster, safer, and more flexible experience.

### What Sets Bitlayer Apart?

At Bitlayer, our primary focus is to address the scalability challenges of the Bitcoin network.

While Bitcoin remains the leading blockchain for value transfer, it faces limitations in terms of scalability and transaction costs. Bitlayer tackles these issues head-on by leveraging cutting-edge cryptographic protocols and virtual machine technology. Our Layer 2 solution, known as BitVM, acts as a complete Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) implementation, providing seamless compatibility with the Ethereum ecosystem. This means that developers can easily migrate their existing smart contracts written in Solidity, Vyper, or any other language that compiles to EVM bytecode directly to Bitlayer, using familiar tools such as Ethereum JSON-RPC and Hardhat.

The ingenious integration of Bitcoin smart contracts and Ethereum compatibility sets Bitlayer apart, verifying the integrity of Bitlayer's transactions and ensuring a high level of security, decentralization, and resistance to censorship. These achievements are made possible through recent advancements in cryptography, blockchain protocol design, and hardware optimization.

For detailed insights into our technical architecture, please refer to the [Bitlayer Technical Architecture section](/docs/AboutBitlayer/technicalarchitecture).

### Can I Start Using Bitlayer Today?
While the Bitlayer mainnet for Bitcoin is scheduled to launch in early April, we are excited to offer a testnet environment where you can experiment with Bitlayer's capabilities. Please refer to our [testnet user guide](/docs/Build/TestnetUserGuide) to get started with our test network and explore the infinite possibilities of Bitcoin.

### What Lies Ahead for Bitlayer?
While we are preparing for the launch of the Bitlayer mainnet for Bitcoin in early April, our journey to further decentralization is far from over. We are committed to decentralizing each component of the stack, ensuring a resilient and robust network. Stay updated on our progress by following our [Twitter](https://twitter.com/BitLayerLabs) or joining our active [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/GGSjNyD8nj) / [Telegram](https://t.me/bitlayerofficial) community. You can also connect with us on [Medium](https://medium.com/@Bitlayer) to stay abreast of the latest Bitlayer developments.
