docs/Finality/introduction-ybtc.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 5
sidebar_label: Introduction to YBTC
---


# Introduction to YBTC

YBTC is a revolutionary programmable Bitcoin asset designed to unlock the full potential of Bitcoin in the multi-chain ecosystem. Leveraging the innovative **Finality Bridge**, YBTC seamlessly integrates into various programmable environments, providing unparalleled flexibility and utility for Bitcoin holders.  

Through the **Finality Bridge**, BTC from the Bitcoin blockchain can be securely transferred to multiple target chains, including **Bitlayer**, **Ethereum**, **other Layer 2s**, and **other Layer 1s**. 

Once on the target chain, YBTC becomes a versatile asset that can participate in a wide range of decentralized protocols and applications. These include:  
- **Lending**: Utilize YBTC as collateral in lending protocols to access liquidity without selling your assets.  
- **Decentralized Exchanges (DEXs)**: Trade YBTC across decentralized markets with ease and efficiency.  
- **Staking**: Stake YBTC in supported networks or protocols to earn rewards while contributing to network security.  

![business](/img/Finality/introduction/yield.png)


YBTC represents a critical advancement in the evolution of Bitcoin’s utility, bridging the gap between Bitcoin’s unmatched security and the programmability of modern blockchain ecosystems. By enabling cross-chain compatibility, YBTC empowers users and developers to integrate Bitcoin into DeFi, gaming, and other innovative applications, ultimately driving the adoption of Bitcoin across diverse ecosystems.  

# Why Choose YBTC? 

- **Trust-Minimized Bridging**: The Finality Bridge ensures secure, efficient, and decentralized Bitcoin transfers across blockchains.  
- **Enhanced Utility**: YBTC extends Bitcoin’s use cases beyond simple transactions, unlocking its potential in programmable environments.  
- **Seamless Multi-Chain Support**: Enjoy frictionless interoperability with major blockchain ecosystems, maximizing the accessibility and usability of your Bitcoin.  

Embrace the future of Bitcoin with YBTC, a gateway to multi-chain programmability and decentralized innovation.

Commit message:

change Finality Bridge to BitVM Bridge

docs/Finality/introduction-ybtc.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 5
sidebar_label: Introduction to BitVM BTC 
---

# Introduction to BitVM BTC 

BitVM BTC is a revolutionary programmable Bitcoin asset designed to unlock the full potential of Bitcoin in the multi-chain ecosystem. Leveraging the innovative **BitVM Bridge**, BitVM BTC seamlessly integrates into various programmable environments, providing unparalleled flexibility and utility for Bitcoin holders.

Through the **BitVM Bridge**, BTC from the Bitcoin blockchain can be securely transferred to multiple target chains, including **Bitlayer**, **Ethereum**, **other Layer 2s**, and **other Layer 1s**.

Once on the target chain, BitVM BTC becomes a versatile asset that can participate in a wide range of decentralized protocols and applications. These include:

- **Lending**: Utilize BitVM BTC as collateral in lending protocols to access liquidity without selling your assets.
- **Decentralized Exchanges (DEXs)**: Trade BitVM BTC across decentralized markets with ease and efficiency.
- **Staking**: Stake BitVM BTC in supported networks or protocols to earn rewards while contributing to network security.

![business](/img/Finality/introduction/yield.png)

BitVM BTC represents a critical advancement in the evolution of Bitcoin’s utility, bridging the gap between Bitcoin’s unmatched security and the programmability of modern blockchain ecosystems. By enabling cross-chain compatibility, BitVM BTC empowers users and developers to integrate Bitcoin into DeFi, gaming, and other innovative applications, ultimately driving the adoption of Bitcoin across diverse ecosystems.

# Why Choose BitVM BTC ?

- **Trust-Minimized Bridging**: The BitVM Bridge ensures secure, efficient, and decentralized Bitcoin transfers across blockchains.
- **Enhanced Utility**: BitVM BTC extends Bitcoin’s use cases beyond simple transactions, unlocking its potential in programmable environments.
- **Seamless Multi-Chain Support**: Enjoy frictionless interoperability with major blockchain ecosystems, maximizing the accessibility and usability of your Bitcoin.

Embrace the future of Bitcoin with BitVM BTC, a gateway to multi-chain programmability and decentralized innovation.
