docs/quick-start.md, before:

# Basic Concepts

For users and developers alike, the fundamental concept of Bitlayer is outlined below:

![analog](images/analog-btc-eth.png)

Bitlayer acts as a Layer 2 solution for Bitcoin, boasting **100% EVM and Ethereum toolchain compatibility**, with BTC as native token(gas token).

Users can engage with it using wallets such as **Metamask, imToken, or other Ethereum-compatible wallets**.

Developers are afforded the ease of migrating smart contracts written in **Solidity, Vyper, or any other language that compiles to EVM bytecode** directly to Bitlayer, using the toolchain you are familiar with: Ethereum JSON-RPC, Hardhat, etc.

# Architecture

![arch](images/architecture.png)

Bitlayer subscribes to the typical model of an Optimistic Rollup equivalent.

# Benefits

![benefits](images/benefit.png)

# Bridges

Bitlayer will be connected by numerous bridges.

![bridges](images/bitlayer-bridges.png)


## Bitlayer <--> Blockchains
If the **source chain** is Bitcoin, it is recommended to use UniSats, Xverse, or another Bitcoin wallet as the source wallet.

## Bitlayer <--> CEXs(centralized exchanges)

You can withdraw from CEXs to the bitlayer's ETH-Compatible wallet address.

Commit message:

quick start: add gas price information in for users

docs/quick-start.md, after:

# Quick start

## Basic Concepts

For users and developers alike, the fundamental concept of Bitlayer is outlined below:

![analog](images/analog-btc-eth.png)

Bitlayer acts as a Layer 2 solution for Bitcoin, boasting **100% EVM and Ethereum toolchain compatibility**, with **BTC** as native token(gas token).

Users can engage with it using wallets such as **Metamask, imToken, or other Ethereum-compatible wallets**.

Developers are afforded the ease of migrating smart contracts written in **Solidity, Vyper, or any other language that compiles to EVM bytecode** directly to Bitlayer, using the toolchain you are familiar with: Ethereum JSON-RPC, Hardhat, etc.

### Essential Information for Users

- Bitlayer's native gas token is BTC. However, on Bitlayer, BTC has an 18-digit precision, which is different from the 8-digit precision of BTC on Bitcoin. This is done to maintain consistency with the default decimal of tokens of EVM-compatible chains.
- On the Bitlayer, there is a minimum priority fee requirement. Developers can use `eth_gasPrice` or `eth_maxPriorityFeePerGas` to estimate the gas price required for a transaction in real time.
- For the Testnet, a minimum tip of `0.1 gwei` is required. Usually, `0.11 gwei` `gasPrice` for legacy transactions, `0.1 gwei` `maxPriorityFeePerGas` (and set enough amount to `maxFeePerGas`) for EIP1559 transactions SHOULD BE enough.
- TBD: (The minimal tip for Mainnet is to be determined)

#### Important notice for Metamask users

MetaMask automatically recommends a minimum "Priority Fee" (`maxPriorityFeePerGas`) of 1 gwei, which is way more than Bitlayer's minimum requirement. This can lead to transaction fees much higher than necessary.

Here's a screenshot of how to set the `Priority Fee`:

<center class="half">
    <img src="/docs/images/metamask_tip_1.png" width="252"/><img src="/docs/images/metamask_tip_2.png" width="252"/><img src="/docs/images/metamask_tip_3.png" width="252"/>
</center>

## Architecture

![arch](images/architecture.png)

Bitlayer subscribes to the typical model of an Optimistic Rollup equivalent.

## Benefits

![benefits](images/benefit.png)

## Bridges

Bitlayer will be connected by numerous bridges.

![bridges](images/bitlayer-bridges.png)


### Bitlayer <--> Blockchains
If the **source chain** is Bitcoin, it is recommended to use UniSats, Xverse, or another Bitcoin wallet as the source wallet.

### Bitlayer <--> CEXs(centralized exchanges)

You can withdraw from CEXs to the bitlayer's ETH-Compatible wallet address.
